well i'm so excited to be here on sasta
with the one and only ryan benichi so i
want to start today
uh and we can start with a little bit of
intro so i'm harry stebbings
i started the 20-minute vc podcast uh
the largest media asset inventor and
startups which is great
and i'm joined by ryan benicci who is
the man the myth the legend and uh just
an incredible incredible cmo i've
interviewed over 100 cmos and
yeah luckily between us ryan's my
favorite so lucky please
please ryan i want to start with a
little bit on you so you're aware by
today but like how did you get into the
world of sass and how did you come to
whereby as cmo
i've been in the industry for a long
time now which is um
and i got my break actually weirdly
enough i was a flight attendant for
qantas which is
um the biggest airline in australia it's
actually the world's oldest and most
experienced airline
and i met an executive on
in first class when i was traveling
working and
they told me that microsoft was hiring
and that was over a decade ago and then
so started doing b2c marketing at
microsoft
back in the day when the microsoft and
mac
battle really wasn't kind of no there
wasn't a clear winner
right needless to say mac one um
and so started my career there in
consumer marketing and then one of the
tools i was using at microsoft was a
tool called exact target
which was the world's largest email
service provider at the time
and then exact target um was entering
the apac market
they approached me from microsoft and
then i built out their marketing teams
across
asia and japan and um salesforce and
acquired them and then i did the same
for salesforce for a while
um so i had a lot of experience in
enterprise b2b marketing and then i
decided that you know i wanted to start
my own company eventually
and realize that i wouldn't have a
hundred million dollars to throw in
events like i did when i was in
salesforce
um amazing company but obviously not the
most roi focused marketing and so
i really i joined hubspot at that point
in time because i wanted to learn
inbound marketing and i really wanted to
learn how to make your budget stretch
um to spend a a while at hubspot and
have the most amazing time there learned
a lot and then
moved to g2 it's called g2 crowd when i
joined
um we changed it to g2 the world's
largest software marketplace where
you know over 10 million business buyers
go to it every month to find the right
software for them
um and then only you know a month or so
ago i started
whereby the world's easiest to use video
meetings kind of like zoom but newer and
sexier
i mean it's so much new and so much sexy
i have to i i'm just
the biggest werewolf fanboy in terms of
the product itself but i want to
well you know and real users love it as
well it's rated best and easiest to use
on on g2
so you know there we go i mean they're
blending in
new and older i love that one um
let's start today with you know
something that i think a lot of people
think about which is you said they're
about building out teams at the
different companies you've worked out
before
you know often people discuss do we hire
sales do we hire marketing jason lamkin
often says you hire marketing
i had someone on the show the other day
that says you hire sales how do you
advise and
like you know discuss with founders
whether they should
approach the sales or the marketing
first when building out their core team
i mean i think it totally depends on
what you're selling right
if you're selling a product that sells
online a product like growth
as business it's freemium then i mean
you're you're
hiring product first and then people to
help promote the product online so more
so
marketing on the flip side if you're
dealing with like an enterprise sales go
to market
um you know you want you'll will want
from the gecko to have sales people
testing the product in the market with
people to see what
doesn't doesn't work so i think it it
really depends
um i'm personally a big fan though of
hiring marketing
because they think that marketing really
helps prepare the market for whatever it
is that you're wanting to get into them
so at hubspot for example when we were
launching into a new region
we started like when i was overlooking
apac marketing for hubspot
i think about three years before we
started before we hired a salesperson
for japan we we launched the japanese
hubspot blog because we wanted people to
start getting our content start reading
it
start building up our database so that
there was enough inbound
demand coming from the market already
the benefit there is marketing actually
being conserved as a
a way to test the market and see if the
market is or isn't ready
um so i'm a big fan of obviously a
marketing led approach but i think it
really depends and um
and you know it really comes down to the
go to market function of the business
and whatever product or service it is
that you're selling
so listen i i'm the slight marketer so i
obviously am slightly biased in this
respect as i'm sure you are but i i see
like marketing bunny eating the stack
where you think about kind of
the content and the resources that
marketing creates really serving the
inbound and actually warming the leads
so much that it
shortens sales cycles and creates much
more efficiency there
but also is so useful in terms of
customer success in ensuring the
customer
really is as productive as possible how
do you think about like marketing kind
of
eating the stack so to speak in many
ways you know i don't know if it's
marketing is eating this stack i think
marketing is the one function in the
business that's been tasked with
owning the customer life cycle which is
a great thing
in many ways but it's also a really
difficult and challenging thing and i
think that's actually why so many cmos
turn over so quickly right i can't
remember the stat but
i think like the average tenure of a cmo
is something like 14 or 16 months so
the cmo has the highest turnover in the
c-suite and i think it's because there's
this
um i think a lot of companies don't have
a very clear
um and concise understanding of what
marketing should do in a business
um and i think a lot of ceos don't
enable marketing teams
with the tools and the authority to be
successful
um but i think you're definitely right
because martech has moved so
quickly marketing teams have been able
to really quickly
um start to impact all stages of the
buyer journey from
awareness to consideration to decision
and then post sale into delight and
repeat purchase
and and i think marketing and marketing
people and product people
i think have a unique skill if assuming
that they're good right there's lots of
bad marketers there's lots of bad
product people
assuming that they're good i think they
can have this kind of tool set mentality
of
solving problems with the tools that
they have um so
you know one of my last companies i
remember chatting with our customer
success team
and they would do this manual pull from
salesforce
we were launching a new product at the
time it was a connected to linkedin
ads and so they would basically pull a
list of all of their customers and then
they would go
to outreach or whatever it was they were
using for their sales
emails and then they would send those
people to let them know we had this new
product that connected with linkedin
and i remember sitting down with my
marketing team and saying hey what if we
use a tool like data nice or clear bit
we can actually find out all of our
customers that
have the linkedin pixel on their website
based on
these data enrichment tools so whenever
we see a customer that has the linkedin
pixel on their site
let's just fire off an automated email
on behalf of the customer success
manager saying hey
notice you just added the linkedin
tracking pixel to your site that
tells us you must be doing linkedin ads
did you know you can integrate our
product with linkedin ads through them
better
um and so that i guess is a bit of an
example of like where we can think i
think as marketers
big asterisk you know a good marketer
can think
like with the idea of how do we um
use the technology and the know-how that
we have of i guess the business and
technology to enable other teams in the
company to be more efficient because
at the end of the day a customer success
manager shouldn't be doing those kinds
of emails they should be calling their
customers
and building real relationships as
opposed to doing menial work that a
marketing automation platform can do
so so i guess like to answer your
question i think it um
you know marketing now is just being
tasked more and more with owning all
aspects of the customer journey and good
marketers i think are stepping up to
that
challenge and executing really well i
mean i think you're seeing a lot of
marketers that are maybe more
the brand style marketers are struggling
because
they don't know how to think about the
new world in that old school kind of
brand oriented way
does that make sense it totally made
sense but you mentioned there about kind
of ceos making their marketing teams as
effective and successful as possible
if we kind of go one step before that
like the attainment
of the best moment in marketing how do
you think about like
what it takes to truly attract the very
best marketers
and also maybe for like technical
product centric founders it's not
that obvious who the best is how do you
think about determining
good from great for those that maybe
aren't marketers themselves
yeah look i i think it's a tough one
even if you are a marketer to work it
out sometimes you know i'm
i have about 20 open roles on my
marketing team
at whereby and i think in the last three
weeks i've probably done about 250
interviews a lot of them have been loom
videos that people have sent to me that
i asked them i kind of built a bit of a
streamlined process
and i mean the challenge with marketers
i think this is similar to sales people
right is like they can use their craft
to sell you or to market to you during
the process which i think
makes hiring good sales representing
good marketers
that bit extra extra difficult i think
for me i have just a very structured way
in which i
interview and when i'm interviewing
someone what i ultimately really care
about i typically start all my
interviews
outside of like just to get to know you
elements i really kind of immediately
want to ask
and and i do ask what was it that they
were brought into their company to
impact um and so from the get-go i
understand like do they understand
their role and their roles relevance and
importance in the broader company
um and so like i guess an example of a
good response there would be like if i
asked a
email marketer what their what they were
brought into the company to impact like
a good response to me would be
you know i was brought in to to grow
marketing source revenue
and the way i do that is through the
email channel and the email channel when
i joined was responsible for
10 of our marketing source revenue and
now it's
it's responsible for 80 of our marketing
source revenue since i joined
so i'm really trying to understand how
they connect the tactics of what they do
with the impact at the highest level
because there's so many buzzwords in
marketing
um that you really kind of need to keep
going level upon level deeper
to really understand if they truly
understand how it works
does that make sense or do you want me
to dig deeper no i'm totally amazing my
question there is like if you think
[__] on anything if you disagree by
the way too don't worry i think we both
know that we we're close enough
like the impact you know we're seeing
more and more companies engage in
brand or awareness campaigns where
impact is kind of
it's a little bit looser than uh uptick
in conversion from 10 to 22
or whatever that may be in terms of the
core matrix how do you think about
measuring impact in brand or awareness
campaigns where it feels looser
yeah good question so i guess i i've
tried to really
simplify marketing into short term and
long term and short term in my mind is
growth marketing the things that will
drive
leads and revenue right now and then i
kind of think of my
my long term bucket is brand right the
brand bucket is like the things that
you're slowly building up over time so
that people trust your company they
trust your product and they want to use
you
um and so i think to your question about
brand really
the few ways that i really like to
measure it is and i think you can do it
in a really objective way is by looking
at direct search
to your site so direct traffic how many
people are actually typing in whereby
dot com
and coming to our product site now don't
get me wrong
if we do paid ads or social media ads
and other things
you know those things will impact direct
and we'll give it some lift while we're
running it but if we turn all of those
things off
you get a pretty nice idea of like a
baseline for how many people are
organically coming to our site from our
website directly
um and that tells me that there's brand
recall because they're literally coming
to our site they haven't gone to google
searched best or easiest video meetings
tool and then come to whereby that's not
a bad thing either that's obviously
great
um so that would be one of those things
i think i'm pretty obsessed with
social mentions as well and looking at
market share in terms of like people
mentioning me versus competitors
and i think that's another way you can
start to at least better understand what
percentage of people that are talking
about
products in our space are talking about
us and you can incrementally set someone
in your team a goal to increase that
but look i think at the end of the day
with brand stuff you can
you can really over index on measurement
and i think
so long as you've got a good gut idea of
what is and isn't working i try not to
over
index on measurement of brand
initiatives and i think the big asterisk
i would say with this is that
that all of this is true assuming that
you were doing the right
short term things right like as long as
in the short term you are growing
revenue like you need to
then i think you can be a little bit
more relaxed on the brand side in terms
of
measurement um if you're not meeting
revenue goals through the form of you
know new users
new activations and whatever it is that
you care about in your business and i
would always kind of lean into those
things
first um that said i think there's a ton
of ways in which you can combine the two
and i'll give you an example if you're
up for it
like so you know a few weeks ago i
randomly tweeted something around
like hey you know it's like my first
week at whereby we're thinking about
you know i'm curious like if we planted
a tree for you
for every time you met on our platform
like would you be interested in trying
it
trying it out um and the overwhelming
majority said yes
um and so we haven't announced this
officially yet but next month we're
planting millions of trees
we're starting with a million um and so
basically for every time you meet on
whereby.com
we'll mark a tree and you'll see it in
your like portal it'll show how many
trees you are responsible for planting
um and i think to me that's a good
example of something that is
is doing wonders for us from a brand
perspective because people are noticing
us because we
we care about people we care about
privacy and we care about the planet
these are things that companies like
zoom teams google me they're so far from
like
the humanity of their users and i think
most people know that
which is ironic that we are on this zoom
right now and this like very
dark looking black screen they know i'm
talking about them i'm sorry
sorry eric i love you still um but
um so that i think to me is a good
example of something that
helps align our users and our future
users with the values of our company and
and why they should care about us
but it's also going to drive bulk net
new users to the platform as well to try
us right the way we're marketing
it is we don't care what other video
meeting tool you use you can keep using
that but
switch a couple of your one-to-ones each
day onto whereby it's completely free to
use
and now you can plant a few trees every
day and just do some good and i guess my
hypothesis and hope is that
once they start using whereby they'll
see that it's a better platform it's
easier to use and they're there but
people that they're meeting with prefer
it as well
so that to me like will drive brand but
it will also drive
like retention and net new users um to
our platform
yes you mentioned brand egg essentially
and you mentioned i love that in terms
of the plasmi trees but in terms of
brand i always say great
brands like create armies they create
division you're either for or against
them you're not you're never
ever yeah it's fine like you want to oh
i love it or
not for me would you agree with that or
would you sound maybe too
binary in my perception of great brand
actually
oh i don't think so i i don't think
that's the difference so i guess i would
disagree in that being the definition of
a great brand but i think that can be a
really useful
tactic in differentiating yourself right
you know it works for salesforce against
oracle with the no software
um you know i can think of countless
examples of companies that have done
something like that right drift against
hubspot by saying no forms
it can be a nice way i think to to stand
out and draw a line in the sand
um and get a little bit of buzz um
so no i think those things can be can be
good and we can be incredibly powerful
um you know for us in a lot of ways that
whereby it's like software is is to some
degree our enemy right because what
people love about whereby is the fact
that it's like one click in your browser
um but more than that right it's about
privacy and other things so
i guess i i think that's a really useful
tactic but i think it can be
overdone as well and so it just really
depends on
the market and who you're going after
right like one of the best examples of
all time i think is
apple vs pc right i'm a mac i'm a pc
ads um and so there i think the best
execution of it
um so i think it can be done really
really well but once you get to a point
you don't need to do that anymore
like apple doesn't need to talk about pc
anymore right they're number one
oh yeah i think i think it becomes more
of a thing only if you're not number one
yeah no i i agree with you in that
perspective can i see you know going
back to the kind of
short term versus kind of longer term
and then they're like immediate roi
versus the kind of more
brand marketing world how do you think
about like i know this is like case
dependent obviously but for you
personally say
how do you think about like budget
allocation across the two and i always
think like
actually cmos are more like venture
investors you've got to place a number
of bets
see what sprouts and then double down
how do you think about resource
allocation across channel and
what's right i i definitely don't think
there's
there's a definition of what's right
really i think
to me the way i look at it is ultimately
about what's going to give me
what helps me reach my short-term goals
right so if i know i need to drive a
certain amount of ar for the business
like my budget goes to that first right
like that's the most
important thing um and once i can get
that working well once i can get that as
efficient as possible then my remaining
budget is really play budget essentially
and
by play budget i mean that's where i can
take bigger risks so i guess
i guess i would say i dedicate all of my
budget to more secure channels that i
know
will work and obviously in real time we
can test these things and see what does
and doesn't work
um and once we have i guess an equation
that is working for us or a cost per
acquisition through certain channels
then i can then dial up those channels
or dial them back down
um but look if i had a really fixed
budget and needed to use
all of it to meet my revenue goals and
that would be how i would use it
but i think that's the one thing that i
always try and teach my marketing teams
is like
doing the core components of your role
is kind of like the boring work in my
mind right like
hitting the revenue goals in in a really
reliable and sustainable way
it's the most it's super critical you
have to do it but it's probably not
going to be the fun
stuff right and so i've always been a
massive fan with my teams of working out
like
how do we hit our revenue goals in the
most reliable and consistent way
possible
and in the most efficient way possible
so that we can almost put that on
autopilot
and then we can start blowing [__] up on
the other side of the house and start to
like
really do things that might completely
not work but
but nothing will happen if they don't
work because we're still meeting our
revenue goals so
that's maybe not a very perfect answer
for you because i don't have an exact
ratio i think it really depends on the
business and it really depends on
how long it takes for you to see the
revenue from the activities right like
i'm really fortunate at whereby and that
people sign up for free and then we
convert into credit cards and so in a
real
we kind of have e-commerce or d2c
components of our business which make it
really easy for me to see
dollar in dollar out when i'm doing paid
media
um for a company like salesforce or a
software company that goes for a sales
team it's a much
longer sales cycle right and so you
can't optimize as quickly
yeah no listen i agree in that i think
you can blame me it was a totally
cramped question i'm not allowed
i don't think so i mean i'm like holding
back on that one question
by obviously someone in most part
they're set by the ceo and you mentioned
earlier like what ceos can do
to make their marketing teams most
effective what do you think like is the
optimal relationship between that
ceo and the marketing team and what can
they do to really drive efficiency and
productivity within marketing teams
look i think having really clear goals
for marketing is
is probably the most important thing and
the most overlooked i think marketing
can really
quickly become a catch-all for all
things
and i think being really clear with your
boss's ceo
around what is the number one goal or
the one two and three
goals that you have to hit and so if you
haven't hit those things you should
de-prioritize everything else and focus
on those things
so i had a call with my boss today even
who's a really good guy
um and and i said to him i was like look
we're doing the okr process right now
and
i'm confused by some of these goals um i
think we need to get to a more crisp
goal for marketing so that it's really
clear like what success looks like
but while also putting in some
parameters right so
as an example um one of the core metrics
is unique participants in meeting is
something that we care about at whereby
right so then the number of people that
are in conversations
um and he was kind of putting that as
like the number one metric for marketing
to be measured by
and i was like i think we need to like
guard rail that metric by something
because
you know i could like promote whereby as
a tool on reddit for
like people that want to get their
jollies off together and just meet
random people which will increase our
user numbers like exponentially but it
won't mean any revenue so like
let's like find a a volume metric which
is participants and then like a quality
metric which is about revenue and so
i guess being able to have that kind of
a dialogue with your boss
around metrics and i think you just have
to have been
to the movie enough times to see like
how can certain goals be manipulated
unintentionally um so that you can avoid
that in the future so
so i think to answer your question harry
it really just comes down to having a
really strong relationship with
between ceo and cmo um the ability to
have really hard conversations around
what marketing can do and what they
can't do
too many ceos think that like marketers
can convince pr people and journalists
to write about anything and the reality
is
journalists don't give a [__] about your
product unless it is truly doing
something innovative
or unless it's breaking rules and
they'll write about it forever
and and i think most cmos don't have the
hard conversation with their boss and i
remember even at hubspot sitting down
with
brian halligan and being like look i
really appreciate that you
want to um get the word out there about
this new feature but no one cares it's
not like an innovative feature it's like
a feature
that we of lack that everyone else has
so i'm just gonna piss off journalists
by going to to market with this thing
let's just avoid it and
focus on something else and so i think
being able to push back on ceos is key
and i don't think enough cmos do that
and then i also think just
getting really clear and concise metrics
and and trust is ultimately the
the most important thing and just
assuming that you're both doing what's
right for the business
and being able to give constructive
feedback hope that extent
i think the thing i always find with you
ryan is like you know you've just
you've seen this show before many times
in many different situations and
segments i think something that just
kind of springs to my mind for me is
like what do you still find really
challenging what like continuously is
tough that you continuously
find yourself being kept awake at night
with oh that's such a good question
you're so good at this um you know i
think for me so early on in my career i
was a bit of an
[__] and i um
and i think you know i was really
fortunate um to have a ceo
uh one of my prior companies get me an
executive coach
um it was like a thousand dollars an
hour every week so clearly
they thought i had high potential but i
was like i was i needed some help
and um and one of the things that she
really helped me understand was like
this idea of
needing to balance results and
relationships i don't know if you could
probably tell from talking to me
that like results and like focusing on
results i'm like a super results
oriented person
and so i think in the past i have
i would focus a lot more on results than
i would on relationships and i think
the more senior you get the more you
realize that
the relationships to what gets the
results ultimately
um and um and yeah so i would say that's
the big thing for me that i'm
always thinking about because like my
natural
inclination like as a i'm a d um and
disk so which is like direct
um like i move fast um i i sometimes
like forget to be more empathic and it's
something that i've worked on a lot
and and i think i'm doing pretty good on
that now i would give myself like an
uh a b plus a minus i think for where
i'm at now in terms of like managing
that dichotomy of relationships and
results but
um that's probably one of the big ones
for me just because like i
speak quite negatively to myself in my
own head
and i've needed to do a lot of therapy
to work on that and like not bash myself
up and
um beat myself up too much and without
realizing i think that was coming across
to my team members in the past and so
you know
that's one of the things that's been a
big one for me to to work on and
constantly care about
um yeah how sorry how have you worked on
it and what's worked in terms of
practice in terms of structure
what's worked in terms of really kind of
figuring that bit out
you know what i think a big part of it
was just around
so i mean therapy is a huge thing for me
like my wife is a doctor of clinical
psychology
um she we i majored in psych that's how
we met um
so i think like actually not pushing
your feelings and thoughts to the side
which i did for over a decade and
actually talking to someone about that
is so important because
so many interpersonal things in our
lives are driven by experiences when we
were young like when i was a kid
i was bullied really badly and i i put i
pushed that away and forgotten about it
and created this persona of this
really extroverted person who is really
confident and can speak on stages in
front of 20 000 people
but then i still had this like broken
little kid inside of me that i needed to
like rebuild and so
and you know always work in progress um
so i would say like therapy was a huge
one for me really and like learning this
then sounds so
corny i've clearly been living in
america for too long but like genuinely
learning to love myself for me and not
my achievements has probably been
the biggest thing that's helped me show
empathy to others is that i've had more
empathy for myself
um so i think that's like a step one
um i think step two really around how i
guess i put it into practice
is you know like i've been pretty
vulnerable and open with you right now i
think
as i became more vulnerable and open
with my team
they kind of reciprocated that back to
me and
um and i guess authenticity
sort of begets authenticity it's like
very hard to tell someone something
really authentic about yourself
and for them to like keep a hard wall up
like they typically left their own walls
down and so i think
by doing that it helped me connect with
my employees more and in the past i
would
pre i would um intentionally build up
walls between me and people
so that they couldn't hurt me right like
again this is that fragile little ryan
um and so i think by like not needing to
do that as much
because you you know i felt more
self-esteem and whatnot had just helped
me i guess connect with people
better and feel a bit better on my own
self-esteem
um but you know i think it's like always
a work in progress and
that's why i still see a therapist every
week and i freaking love it because
um you know it's really easy if you're a
type a alpha person to just
not um access your emotions and to push
them away
and therapy kind of forces you to
reflect on those things that
um that you might avoid and we all avoid
things
and i just so love chatting to you
always um my final one before we move
into a quick fire and it's like
and just sell that and struggle with
self-doubt how do you think about
approaching stuff that often people have
with moving into new roles how do you
think about approaching self-doubt for
yourself
yeah i mean it's a really hard one like
we kind of talked a little bit about
imposter syndrome earlier i like
i just think back to when i joined g2 it
was my first c in my role i was 29.
boy did i feel like an imposter like i i
felt like i could do it from my results
and my track record
but still deep down obviously i didn't
and so like the way i dealt with it back
then which is so embarrassing i don't
think i've ever told anyone this is i
bought a 12 000
tom ford suit and needless to say
it did sweet fa for myself i mean
actually i felt really amazing when i
was wearing it i'll give tom for that
it's a beautiful
but really it didn't fix the imposter
syndrome at all um
so and i think what helped with the
imposter syndrome and self-doubt was
is verbalizing it actually so like
saying to your team like hey this is
what i think we
need to do but i'm not sure what do you
think um
and and i think just leveling with your
team and saying like hey i know i'm your
boss but like
i don't know that much more than you
necessarily don't assume that i
am the person with all the answers like
we're learning this thing together we're
both going to make
mistakes together um and
and that's part of like the fun like i
want to grow and i'm sure you want to
grow and so like let's grow together and
um let's just try and make sure that the
majority of the shots that we make
we don't miss kind of a thing and if we
do let's hold each other accountable and
let's learn from that and so i think
to me at least um to to try and
avoid that has been by instead of faking
it um
actually just owning what you don't know
um which is a really hard thing to do
and it's a really easy thing for me to
say now in hindsight now that i feel
like i'm at a point my career where i'm
confident enough
that i don't need to put on a show as
much like i don't know if i would
recommend people
that aren't where i am to do what i'm
saying necessarily like i i think about
this all the time i'm like if i knew
what i knew now
would i go back to where i was and admit
that i don't know the answer
because i faked it a lot to get where i
was and and learned on the job right and
so
it's a really hard one it's something
that i think about all the time but um i
definitely think
owning it and not pretending to know
what all the answers early on in my
career would have certainly alleviated a
lot of
depression and a lot of anxiety for me
listen i'm totally with you in terms of
like owning it in that respect but i i
do want to move into my favorite which
is a quick fire so i'm going to give you
three questions
and you're going to hit me with quick
fire answers sound good
sounds great what was the number one
reason you joined
whereby
other than oyvin's charm and good looks
he is a very charming man
um ah that's a great question i think
i you know i'm i don't do what i'm told
unfortunately so there's a few reasons
um i would say it's a combo of like
people
and product ultimately right going
through the you know i wasn't active in
the market
uh the team reached out and and i was
just
genuinely blown away by the talent
everyone from
avond to ingrid um matthew product
officer to jess
our vp of people to abbey our chief of
staff
to fruita our ceo like genuinely
the most remarkable people and and i
should say that like
we're most remarkable with the least ego
which in tech is like a really
rare thing right there is so much
[__] ego in this industry
and you know it's like as a kid that you
know was bullied as a as a young kid
like it's easy for my ego to get
activated and i've done a ton of therapy
to avoid that and so
working around people with no egos is
such
a refreshing change because it kind of
means that my ego never feels threatened
i guess so
people was a huge one for me and then
the product was the other one right the
the nps of the product
is through the roof like you know zoom
is a great product it's really reliable
and
it took off with um you know in tech and
then with the
um with coronavirus i don't think many
people feel a lot of love for zoom
there's no humanity there's no
personality
um it's clunky af and so
what i love about whereby is how easy it
is to get started in a meeting
like it's one click everyone can just go
to your meeting room it's beautiful you
can brand it the way you want
it kind of has become my digital office
actually so like i always have my
whereby room open
and my team just drop in as they need
things so
so i think it's a combo of the people
and the product and i know that wasn't a
very quick fire response so
sorry sorry eric terrible fire response
but
i know i'm sorry i never struggle with
ego though so at least we're good in
that respect
tell me what do you think it's like the
biggest misconception about like
sas marketing that you see thrown around
on twitter
forums speeches what's like ah the
biggest misconception
biggest misconception well i think it's
just the biggest misconception of
marketing is that we just make pretty
presentations and i think that's like
old-school marketing um like judging
things and making them pretty
um i i just do think that
we over indexed as a as a as a
organization or as a marketing
group in terms of moving too far away
from branding creative and too far into
demand gen
um and i think we lost a lot of the art
of marketing which i'm trying to bring
back with my teams and i know a lot of
other great markers are trying to do the
same
um but yeah i think i think it's just a
combo of like
like marketers not having as much impact
and being just focused on the fluffy
metrics and
um that's that's i think one of some of
the biggest um
misconceptions tough one here but final
one
what would be a great 20 20 one for you
to achieve what are your goals and
milestones and what do you want to do
this year that would be a great year
yeah so i have a four month old little
son his name is
jagger um so i think like a personal
milestone
for me is to be an amazing dad a
remarkable dad and i'm loving i mean
being able to work from home with
whereby because we're a 100 distributed
team has really helped with that i think
um so i would say that's like on the
personal front like jagger and spending
time with my wife for the two really big
ones and i feel like i'm ticking those
boxes i feel like i'm green light on
those right now which i feel really
grateful
for um you know i think on the
professional side
i i really this year want people to give
where by a look because i think once
they try it they will see that there it
is so much better of a solution for so
many types of businesses
we don't want to go after the enterprise
for zoom right like we're not going to
do that that's not our game i think we
want to do
what hubspot did for the smbs for for
companies using video conferencing and
make
like an amazing easy to use experience
that they love using
um so i think if by the end of this year
um our user numbers have grown
exponentially upon where they're at
right now and they're already growing
exponentially
i think that would make me really really
happy ryan as always i just love
chatting to you so thank you so much for
agreeing to see this with me and it's
been so much fun
thanks harry you too my my like sub goal
is we need to hang out more i think
let's set that up as an
additional goal i'm here to hang out
i love it let's do it thanks again
[Music]
you